README.md, before:


  # Read Me Generator 
  ![License Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-Green)
  
  ## Description 
  Read-Me-Generator is a simple command-line application that dynamically generates a README following standard template and formatting. The application uses Node.js to get user input from a series of prompts using the Inquirer package. User inputs are then placed accordingly into an easy-to-follow README.md file.

  ## Table of Contents
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [License](#license)
  * [Contributing](#contributing)
  * [Test Instructions](#test-instructions)
  * [Questions](#questions)

  ## Installation
      1.Fork & clone this project locally  
      2.Run npm install in your bash/command line  
      Make sure you are in the correct folder when using your terminal

  ## Usage
      Invoke with node index.js
      Respond to prompts in the terminal, your responses will be used to populate the README.md file.

  ## License
  MIT (c) Hoang Nguyen
  See LICENSE.md for details.

  ## Contributing
  Open to pull requests. For major changes, please open an issue or email me to discuss the scope of the change. 

  ## Test Instructions
  Follow the installation and usage instructions provided. Test the program by responding to the series of prompts with 't' for test. Upon completion your terminal should display 'Success!' and a README.md file with 't' in input locations should be generated within the same directory. 

  ## Questions
  For questions, reach out to me here:
  Github: https://github.com/hngdngng  
  Email: [hoang.d.nguyen@outlook.com](mailto:hoang.d.nguyen@outlook.com)

Commit message:

Updated generateMarkdwon script for adding indentation if desired by user. Updated md files

README.md, after:


  # Read Me Generator 
  ![License Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-Green)
  
  ## Description 
  Read-Me-Generator is a simple command-line application that dynamically generates a README.md and LICENSE.md following standard template and formatting. The application uses Node.js to get user input from a series of prompts using the Inquirer package. User inputs are then placed accordingly into easy-to-follow README.md, and LICENSE.md file.

  ## Table of Contents
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [License](#license)
  * [Contributing](#contributing)
  * [Test Instructions](#test-instructions)
  * [Questions](#questions)

  ## Installation
    
  1. Fork & clone this project locally   
  2. Run npm install in your bash/command line   
  Make sure you are in the correct folder when using your terminal.

  ## Usage
    
  1. Invoke with node index.js   
  2. Respond to prompts in the terminal, your responses will be used to populate the README.md file.   
  Note. Insert '#' when you would like to indent, this is useful when making a list of installation, usage, and test instructions. 

  ## License
  MIT (c) Hoang Nguyen
  See LICENSE.md for details.

  ## Contributing
  For major changes, please open an issue or email me to discuss the scope of the change.

  ## Test Instructions
  Follow the installation and usage instructions provided. Test the program by responding to the series of prompts with 't' for test. Upon completion your terminal should display 'Success!' when a README.md and LICENSE.md file are generated. The README.md and LICENSE.md files should have 't' in the appropriate places.

  ## Questions
  For questions, reach out to me here:  
  Github: https://github.com/hngdngng      
  Email: [hoang.d.nguyen@outlook.com](mailto:hoang.d.nguyen@outlook.com)
